Streamlit_App/  
  Data/ # contains datasets used in the application  
    ├── 02_Spam_EDA_Phase.csv # Dataset made from EDA phase. Contains engineered features such as number of URLs.  
    ├──Adversarial_SMS_Dataset.txt # Dataset with threat-actor related artifacts such obfuscation.  
    ├──New_SMS_Dataset.txt # Dataset similar to training corpus but with new messages.  
   Models/ # Contains Machine Learning Models  
    ├── Bayes_Model.joblib # Naive Bayes model trained on Courpus (Pre-SMOTE)  
    ├── LogReg_Model.joblib # Logistic Regression Model trained on Corpus (Pre-SMOTE)  
    ├── Vectorizer.joblib # Contains the Vectorizer made from CountVectorizer() and used on training corpus.  
   Scripts/ # Contain the script used to process datasets and messages  
    ├── Spam_Preprocessor.py # Helps to process User-given messages and datasets in the app.  
   pictures/ # Splash page picture  
    ├── Spam_Pic_1.png # Contains picture used in F2_Intro.py  
  ├── F1_main.py # main inteface for app  
  ├── F2_Intro.py # Contains code for splash page of app  
  ├── F3_Predictor.py # Script that allows the user to predict if a message is spam or ham.  
  ├── F4_Spam_Features.py # Compares features of spam to ham messages.  
  ├── F5_Model_Comparisons.py # Compares Naive Bayes to Logisitc Regression for both Pre-SMOTE and SMOTE.  
  ├── F6_GenAI_SMS_Testing.py # Results of models being tested on new datasets generated by Generative AI.  
  ├── F7_Future_Upgrades.py # Discusses the future improvements to the application for better performance.    
  ├── README.md# Shows directory structure  
  ├── requirements.txt # dependencies needed to run application

